Sorting algorithms
* Opening Question: If I gave you a shuffled deck of cards, how would you sort them?
---- Follow-up question: What is the fastest way to sort the deck?
* Sorting is an extremely important process when working with data.
* While sorting is mostly automatic (someone else has written the code), it is important to have an understanding of what is happening

Basic concepts
* We will be sorting lists of objects. It can be numbers or words. The important thing is that there is a definite order.
* We will know how many objects are in the list, but we won't necessarily know what the biggest or smallest values are.
* We will simulate this by making cards numbered 1-10, shuffling them, tossing out 3, and then dealing out the remaining 7 in a row
* There are two types of actions: Compare and Move
---- A Compare action means to compare two cards (not necessarily adjacent) to determine which one is greater than the other
---- A Move action means to move a card from one position and into another. Cards after that position are pushed backward.
* The goal is to have the cards sorted lowest to highest from left to right

Audibilation of sorting methods:
* http://panthema.net/2013/sound-of-sorting/

Bubble sort
* Algorithm:
---- Work left-to-right, comparing adjacent pairs
---- If the pairs are in the wrong order, swap them
---- Repeat until finished
* Practice a few times
* Try to create a flowchart
* Try to program this
---- This is all about honing your problem solving and logic skills
* Turn sorting into a function that takes a list as a parameter and returns a list
(If unfinished by the end of the day, return to it tomorrow)

Start Homework
* Sentdex 07 - 13 - Tutorial #10 - Functions
* Sentdex 07 - 14 - Tutorial #11 - Function Parameters
* Keep working on Project #1 (Dice Simulator)
