Animation
* Animation is nothing more than a series of still images run together.
* Even our moving box is an animation.
* But we can also have internal animation.
---- We've already seen this with the rotating meteors and explosion
* We're going to look at a couple other types of animation.

Moving walls
* We can make the walls move based on a set pattern or path
---- https://github.com/AaronWongNSC/CS-135/blob/master/UpDownWall.py
* This is an example of class inheritance.
* By creating a class out of Wall, we get all of the properties of wall for free, which includes the initial location
* We did not program in extra physics for the wall to push the player, so the physics is wrong.
---- The player should not be scooted to the side, but pushed by the wall
---- We would need to add a check for the motion of the player and the wall to get this part right.

Color-changing walls
* We will use the internal clock to change the color of the wall every couple seconds.
* The video does this by creating a timer and tracking how long it has been since each change.
---- https://github.com/AaronWongNSC/CS-135/blob/master/ColorChangingWall.py
* This approach can be used to make the wall disappear after a certain amount of time.
* We can create other variables that control the properties of the wall, such as making them timed one-way walls or something like that.

Sprite animation
* The videos use the actual clock for animation, but it's common to use frame counts.
---- This means that the game physics doesn't change as a result of lag.
* The goomba animation demonstrates this
---- https://github.com/AaronWongNSC/CS-135/blob/master/Mario.zip
* For the goomba animation, he's operating on a local timer.
---- A local timer is a timer that counts only the number of frames the goomba has existed.
* There are also things that we can make happen on a global timer
* We can also start to see how player states can be fleshed out into sprite animations.
---- Various Mario states:
---->> Player states: Small Mario/Large Mario/Fire Flower Mario/Invincible Mario
---->> Motion states; Standing, Moving 1/2 (animation), ducking (large Mario only), jumping, skidding
* Watch some footage in slow motion to observe the various bits and pieces using sprites.

Begin Homework:
* HW 33 - Advanced walls
* HW 33 - Pygame Shmup Part 6
