Data Science
* Data science is a mixture of math, computer science, and the ability to put them to work to handle information
* There are many sub-elements of data science:
---- Organizing and presenting data
---- Data mining (gathering data), including scraping and processing
---- Statistical analysis (how good is my conclusion?)
---- Machine learning (make the computer figure it out)
* We are going to take a peek into just some parts of this.

pandas
* pandas is the standard Python database module.
* Understanding how to manipulate databases is an important skill for effectively doing data science
* We're going to mostly be working with the console because we're going to be generating information as we go.
---- In practice, it's a two-step process.
---->> Step 1: Figure out what you want the code to do
---->> Step 2: Write a script so that you can just run it when new data arrives
* We will need to install pandas the same way we installed numpy

Objects in pandas
* There are two primary objects that we'll be working with in pandas:
---- Series: This is a one-dimensional array with labels
---- DataFrame: This is a two-dimensional array of data (like a spreadsheet)
* A DataFrame can be sliced up to get back series. You can think of each row or each column as its own series.

Creating Series
* We will first manually create dataframes so that the structure is easier to understand.
* A series is just a single column of data that's been indexed.
* But most of the data is already out there on spreadsheets and we can just import those.
* A series can be built in several ways, but the main command is pd.Series(data, index)
---- data = ['a', 'b', 'c', 'd'], index = ['Zeroth', 'First', 'Second', 'Third']
---->> s1 = pd.Series(data); s2 = pd.Series(data, index)
---- dict = {'Zeroth': 'a', 'First': 'b', 'Second': 'c', Third: 'd'}
---->> s = pd.Series(dict)
* Once a series has been created, we can pick out individual items using s['indexname']
* We can call several items by using s[list_of_indexnames]

Creating DataFrames
* Dataframes can be thought of as spreadsheets, where both rows and columns are labeled.
* We usually think of rows as representing an individual object and columns representing a certain feature of the object.
* DataFrames can be built in several ways as well
---- Using a list of lists
---->> data = [['Aaron', 10], ['Bob', 20], ['Callie', 30]]; df = pd.DataFrame(data, columns = ['Name', 'Score'])
---- Using a dictionary
---->> data = {'Name': ['Aaron', 'Bob', 'Callie'], 'Score': [10, 20, 30]}; df = pd.DataFrame(data)
---- Using series -- This is important when merging different information together into one DataFrame
---->> data = {'Score': pd.Series([10, 20, 30], index=['Aaron', 'Bob', 'Callie'],
---->>         'Color': pd.Series(['Red', 'Blue', 'Green'], index=['Aaron', 'Bob', 'Dale'] }
---->> df = pd.DataFrame(data)
---->>>> Notice that in this example, pandas automatically matches the index and column and puts blank values (NaN) into the holes.
