pygame intro
* I have a version of the Pygame template from the video:
---- https://github.com/AaronWongNSC/CS-135/blob/master/pygame1-1.py
* Review and comments
---- Constants are in CAPS to distinguish them from variables that may change. This is a common convention
---- RGB colors are 3-tuples
---- Screen creation is a standard process which is hwy it's part of the template
---- while running: This is the use of a sentinel variable to let Python know when the game is running
---- clock.tick() controls the max speed that the program runs
---->> Complex programs may run slower, which is lag.
---- pygame.event.get() pulls all of the commands that were sent to Pygame since the last time it was called
---->> We will use this all the time to get key presses and other screen events

Pygame window
* The coordinates in a pygame window start with (0,0) in the top left corner.
* As y increases, you go DOWN, which may seem weird at first.
* This corresponds to how spreadsheets behave, not how it's done in math
* Objects can have coordinates that are not on the screen. They just won't render or won't render completely.

Pygame drawing commands
* For now, the Surface we will be using is screen, but we will later see that we can create other surfaces to control the drawing more.
* https://github.com/AaronWongNSC/CS-135/blob/master/pygame-drawing.py
* pygame.draw.rect(Surface, color, Rect)
---- Rect is a 4-item list that represents the rectangle: [x_start, y_start, x_size, y_size]
* pygame.draw.polygon(Surface, color, pointlist)
---- pointlist is a list of two dimensional coordinates: [[x_0, y_0], [x_1, y_1], ..., [x_k. y_k]]
---->> The pointlist does not need to have the last point be the same as the first point. It will automatically connect them.
---->> Polygons are automatically shaded using inside/outside alternating rules
* pygame.draw.circle(Surface, color, pos, radius)
---- pos is a two dimensional coordinate that represents the center: [x_0, y_0]
* pygame.draw.ellipse(Surface, color, Rect)
---- Rect is a 4-item list that represents the rectangle in which the ellipse is to be drawn: [x_start, y_start, x_size, y_size]
* pygame.draw.arc(Surface, color, Rect, start_angle, stop_angle)
---- Drawing arcs is a bit complicated. You can't just tell it where to start and stop.
---- Arcs are drawn as sub-portions of the arc of an ellipse.
---- The angle is in radians, which you learn about in trigonometry. You will need to import math to use pi.
---->> 0 = right, math.pi/2 = up, math.pi = left, 3*math.pi/2 = down, 2*math.pi = right
* pygame.draw.line(Surface, color, start_point, stop_point)
---- Both points are two element lists: [x, y]
* pygame.draw.lines(Surface, color, closed, point_list)
---- closed is a boolean that indicates whether the first and last point are connected
---- pointlist is a list of two dimensional coordinates: [[x_0, y_0], [x_1, y_1], ..., [x_k. y_k]]

Sprites
* The next video will discuss sprites.
* We will begin some preliminary discussion about this.
* Sprites are objects/images on the screen
* Pygame has a sprite handling mechanism. This will be introduced in the next video.

Classes
* A class is a container for a type of object. We can have many classes of sprites.
---- Examples: sprite for the player, sprites for the enemies, sprites for weapons, etc.
* Classes are given capital letters to help distinguish them.
* There is a standard setup that has to happen for every new sprite class
---- class Name(pygame.sprite.Sprite):
----     def __init__(self):
----         pygame.sprite.Sprite.__init__(self)
----         self.image = pygame.Surface(image_size)
----         self.rect = self.image.get_rect()
---->> image_size is a 2-tuple and indicates the size that the object will fit in
---->> We will use self.image.fill(COLOR) for simplicity

Customizing Sprites
* Inside of __init__(self), we can create variables that will be attached to the sprite.
* In a game, we might have variables for the location of the sprite, or player hit points
* The Class acts like a container that will carry all the information around so that you only need to pass the object to get all the variables
* To instantiate a new variable, use self.variable_name = variable_value

Bouncing Box
* Talk through this with the students.
* https://github.com/AaronWongNSC/CS-135/blob/master/pygame-BouncingBox.py

Begin Homework:
* HW 26 - Looping box
