Big data
* Because so much is done electronically, we have digital traces for all sorts of things.
* But it still takes people to analyze that data.
* People who do this sort of work are called data scientists, and it's a mixture of both math and computer science.
---- We will be trying to launch a data science minor in the next year, if this sort of thing sounds interesting to you.
* A dataset is a collection of data on some particular topic gathered by some organization
---- https://www.data.gov/ -- US Government Data
---- https://www.kaggle.com/datasets -- User and industry contributed databases
---->> Kaggle also has competitions for real money (and real jobs)
* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Q3sRSUYmys

Current Working Directory
* An issue that students sometimes run into is that they create files and don't know where they are.
* We will use the Y: drive so that you can access your files from any computer on campus.
* We will create a folder in the "My Documents" folder called "CS 135" through Windows, and then tell Thonny to look there
---- import os
---- os.chdir('Y://My Documents//CS 135')
* On my version of Thonny, it automatically changes the directory that the file is located in when you run it.

File management
* In Python, we can "open" a file for us to use. The three basic options are to write, append, or read.
---- Write means to delete whatever was there and start a new file
---- Append means to add on to an existing file
---- Read means to not change any of the information in the file, just look at it
* fileObject = open(filePath, mode)
---- mode is 'w', 'a', or 'r'
* When finishedm, you always need to close the file by using fileObject.close()

Writing/Appending
* Once a file is open for writing or appending, we use fileObject.write(string) to write to it.
* This is an example of "object oriented programming." The fileObject is the object and we apply a "method" to it.
---- This is the same as turtles, where the method was something that moved the turtle
* An advantage to this is that you can have lots of files open, and this is how we know which one you're working with

Reading
* We are going to be working at a much lower level for now, just focusing on getting data in and out of Python
* fileData = open(filename, 'r').read()
---- This takes in the entire file as a single string
* fileData = open(filename, 'r').readlines()
---- This creates a list where each list is its own line
---- We can also apply .split() to break things down into individual words.
* The symbol "\n" means to create a new line. This is known as an escape character.

Other methods
* There are other methods for reading files. For example, the pandas module has its own way of importing data for databases
* A standard way of storing data is a CSV (comma separated value), which stores data in a basic two dimensional array
* We can also use the csv module
---- import csv
---- with open('example.csv') as csvfile:
----     readCSV = csv.reader(csvfile, delimiter=',')
* Both of these have ways for translating the data as it's read, so that it knows which are dates, numbers, strings, etc.

Homework problem
* Create a file that generates a CSV that has three columns, and then takes that data back in and graphs it
---- Column 1 just runs from 1 to 10
---- Columns 2 and 3 are random integers between 1 and 10
---- Column 1 is the x-coordinate and columns 2 and 3 are y-coordinates for two different data series
* The data import should be done using the csv module
* The graph should be done with matplotlib.

Homework
* HW 18 - Random Graph Generator
