Types of Machine Learning Problems
* The KNN algorithm is used to solve classification problems.
---- A classification problem is a problem tries to assign an output category based on input information.
---- In the iris data set, we had measurements of flower leaves as the input and flower variety as the classification.
* There are other types of machine learning problems.
---- Clustering
---->> Given a collection of data, is there a meaningful way to break it up into groups?
---- Regression
---->> Given a collection of numerical data, create a function that predicts the output based on the input

Linear Regression
* We are going to focus on regression because it's one of the most fundamental concepts that is used in machine learning.
* This is going to get a little math-heavy, but I'll try to avoid as many equations as possible and focus on the ideas.
---- You don't need a lot of deep math to do this "properly," but you do need to know some linear algebra.
* The idea is that you're given some data points and you're trying to find the "best" line that approximates that data

Math
* On a graph, points are plotted as ordered pairs (x,y), where x is the horizontal coordinate and y is the vertical.
* The equation of a line is y = mx + b, where m is the slope and b is the y-coordinate of the y-intercept.
* We can imagine that we have two knobs, one to change m and one to change b.
* Our goal is to turn the knobs so that the line we get is good at approximating the data.

Desmos activity
* Create a table with the data points (4, 4), (5, 5), and (6, 5).
* There is no line that contains all three points.
* Create a line y = mx + b and create two sliders for m and b.
* Let the students try to create a line of best fit by playing with the sliders.
---- Have the students report their attempts at best fit. They should write down their answers for future calculation.

Measuring error
* How can we figure out whose line is the best? What does that even mean?
* For each data point, we can calculate the error by calculating how far off our line is from the answer.
---- Mathematically, it's helpful to use the square of the error. This makes formulas work out better.
---- Taking the square penalizes bad errors and is more fogiving of small errors.
* After calculating the error of each point, we can compute the sum of those errors to get the total error
---- Which line did the best?
* There are mathematical formulas that give us the exact values that minimize the error in this manner.
---- The goal here is just to get you to understand some of the ideas.

Excel
* We can run linear regressions through Excel
* File -> Options -> Add-Ons -- Make sure that the data analysis add-on is installed.
* Create the columns and run the analysis (Regression)
---- Use x and y as the column headers
* There's a ton of extra information that you would need to understand in practical applications
* The coefficients is what we're looking for. This gives us the equation for the line of best fit.

Machine learning
* The way we apply this in machine learning is that we do this same idea but with more variables.
* When there is too much data that the direct computation is too large, we have to find other means for calcuating the coefficients.
---- This is where the machine learning starts to kick in again
